I call so tonight a bizarre heist two
women accused of shoplifting and
according to Edmond police what makes
this story so unusual is where the
suspects were hiding the stolen goods 28
year old Alan Brown and 37 year old
Shamika Thomas were arrested on
complaints of larceny from a retailer
the women accused of trying to get away
with about twenty-six hundred dollars
worth of clothing and shoes at a TJ Maxx
store News Channel 4's Bobby Miller
joins us now live from the newsroom with
more on the story this is a strange when
Bobby
Kevin police tell us the two used their
body parts to try to hide the stolen
goods but while they're hiding places
were creative they didn't make it out of
the store
a lot of times people have strollers and
it's a shame because they have they hide
it under their kids or they wear it
under their clothes anything they can
open they will put things into
especially shoes boots purses normal
ways shoplifters get away with their
goods but Edmond police say 28 year old
Eileen brown and 37 year old Sumiko
Thomas took a different route when they
were arrested for shoplifting police say
the two used their bodies to conceal 26
hundred dollars worth of merchandise
these two individuals were actually
concealing them in areas of their body
where excess skin was underneath their
chest area and one of their armpits and
things of that nature
they were and they were Concilium large
items like four pair of boots three pair
of jeans a wallet and gloves oh my
that's kind of gross police say it was
at this TJ Maxx that loss prevention
officers found the duo stuffing items
under their belly fat and breast one of
the individuals had three boots
concealed underneath her breast and bra
some holiday shopping police say will
now lead to felony charges well they're
pretty creative you know desperate times
police say Brown also had a knife in her
purse they say she used to cut security
tags in the store Kevin